In this video, we're gonna write our
first line of code in Visual Studio.
That's going to be print Hello World,
and then when we go into Unity and
click play, in the console area of Unity,
it will print Hello World.
This is a small but very significant step
in making sure that our environment is set
up correctly, and Unity and Visual Studio
are working correctly together.
Let's start by talking
briefly about how Unity and
Visual Studio relate to one another.
So Unity is our game engine.
This is where we say what
the behaviors are in our game, and
how all the pieces relate to one another.
And how it all looks and
how it all shapes up and comes together.
One of the pieces that we
use in Unity is our code,
and our code is written in
files that are .cs files.
These are also called scripts, and
they're a bunch of texts that say what
are the rules and behaviors of the things
that we want to have happen in our game.
And the place that we write these
scripts is in Visual Studio.
Visual Studio is an IDE, that's
an Integrated Developer Environment.
And it gives us a whole lot of structure
and tools to make our life easier, and
to avoid making mistakes.
So if you're a Mac user, this is a good
time to point out that there's really not
a lot of differences between Mac and PC
when it comes to Unity and Visual Studio.
But in the next video,
Ben is gonna through those differences, so
it's really clear what you're
looking at and how it relates, and
how it differs from what
we're seeing on the PC.
So let's go ahead and
create our first scripts, and
use Visual Studio to make
a little bit of magic in Unity.
So let's open up Unity Hub, few after you
downloaded it, it might have a shortcut
on your desktop, or you might need to
navigate to it through your Program menu.
When you open that up, you can see
I've got a bunch of projects in here.
If this is the first time you are using
Hub, then yours is probably empty.
And you wanna make sure that,
under Installs, you got 2018 or
later ready to go.
So, from any of these tabs up hear,
click on New.
And that will allow us
to create a new project,
and it's gonna ask us where
we want to save that.
Let me just show you my directory here.
I put that and then we can see
exactly what's going on in here.
So for me, I've created under my D drive.
So just any of your drives.
I've got a D drive here, I've created
a photo called Repos which is short for
the terminology repositories,
which is something
that'll be relevant later on in the course
when we look at source control.
And then within Repos,
I've created Unity2D,
which is where all of the projects
from this course are going to go,
and the first section we're
working on isIntro_Setup.
So, I encourage you to
do a similar structure,
have a Repos directory
with our Unity2D course,
and then for this particular section it's
intro and setup, ready and running this.
So when we go into start our new project,
we click on the three little dots to
the right of location, down here,
and that will allow us to go and
choose where we want to set that up.
Go to DATA, or DATA, depending
from where you're from, Repos, and
then Unity2D, and then Intro_Setup.
So I'